okay so the 2019 Mac Pro this is a
device that has been labeled as super
expensive super powerful super like
over-engineered it's all of the above
but the real reason why people are even
having a conversation about the Mac Pro
and the reason why you guys are watching
this video is because of the way that it
looks like if Apple had made a just
super ugly gray box like the HP or a
Dell workstation no one would care about
it and keep in mind the people that are
buying those workstations are the same
people that should be buying something
like this but because of the way this
thing looks and because of the the
marketing that Apple does with a very
nice-looking workstation like this
there's people that are not usually in
that target market that are interested
in this device I purchased the six
thousand dollar base model and I bought
it just for one just to see what it
could do at the base model and to just
to see what this thing was all about
like I wanted to know why it was priced
the way that it's priced and there's
that argument of like oh it's got you
know Xeon processor ECC memory it's not
even about that as I open this up I
realized there is a lot more going on in
this system than just high-end
components that are traditionally very
expensive so the first thing I noticed
is the lack of cables this is a
completely cable free system and I don't
just mean like it's cable managed nicely
I mean there are no visible cables in
the entire system so the fans the
graphics card the power supply even the
connection up at the top to connect to
the power button and the USB connections
there's no cables everything is
connected through either pogo pins or
some kind of physical contact of like
metal on metal and it just powers
whatever it needs to power through that
contact now that is like okay let's step
back for a second and realize that in
the history of PC building stuff that
has never been a thing like to have a
cable free system on the internals is
super expensive they have to tool the
chassis to be a certain way that the
tool the motherboard to be a certain way
they tool every single component that is
in the system to have that type of cable
free mechanism and it's it's a thing now
is it something that's important
no like absolutely not there is I can't
think of a single profession in the
world that would require that but it is
very cool now in addition to this cable
free thing this system is very quiet now
I it's something that I value not
everyone wants a quiet PC or a quiet
workstation but it's something that I
appreciate and this thing is weirdly
quiet there are three fans up front and
they push a crazy amount of air I don't
have a way of measuring CFM but it's
strange to see this type of airflow on
something that is as quiet as it is and
then there's a fourth fan on the on like
the back side of it and that's mostly
for the power supply but they've also
designed it to have this gasket so that
the power supply heat doesn't spread
through the rest of the system and every
component that connects to the Mac Pro
like every official Apple module does
not have its own fan it all just has
like these custom heat sinks and custom
shrouds to utilize the airflow from
these three big fans so it's it's a
thing again it's super quiet but it's
not something that everyone will
appreciate but it's something that I do
now to do this to have custom power
connectivity so there's no cables
visible as well as custom heat sinks and
shrouds on all the components it's going
to jack up the price of a system like
this like it's invariably gonna be a
more expensive build than anything that
is not a Mac Pro and if you tunnel
vision on those features you can start
to justify to yourself as to why this
system is as expensive as it is but then
when you take a step back and you
realize okay this is a six thousand
dollar workstation and a lot of the
features as cool as they are and as
difficult as it is to engineer something
like this some of those features are
just they're just so superfluous that's
it really is extra AF but it is Apple
like this is the embodiment of like this
is so Apple if they were going to build
a workstation this is how they do it and
this is what they've done so there's two
kind of tweaks I've done to this system
I've removed the 580 X and replace it
with the Radeon Pro 5700 XT which is a
gaming card but it's just more powerful
than the 580 X for the stuff that I do
and I've also added an nvme P
CIE adapter so it's just a PCIe card
that can hold an nvme and it works
flawlessly for both of these things I
installed them before I even booted up
for the very first time and it just it
went right into the system no issues
drivers are good like it's it works
perfectly and that's one of the greatest
things of a modular Apple computer like
to be able to do this you can't do this
on anything else that they make you can
do it on the Mac Pro though the
performance is great but this system is
crazy expensive and delivers performance
that is so much worse than if I'd spent
$6,000 on a PC now I'm someone that does
not need a Xeon processor and I'm
someone that does not need ECC memory
and I think the vast majority of people
that make youtube videos don't need that
stuff either but that is what you get
with the Mac Pro so yeah this is my take
away on it as cool as this thing is and
as much as I want to appreciate this
thing and want to use this thing it just
it just does not make sense for the
stuff I do I felt that this would be the
case like when they first announced the
product in the middle of the summer I I
just had this gut feeling that there was
no way that I would be able to make use
of it and it stands true it is a truly
amazing piece of tech from Apple and I
really like what they've done for the
professional user base like if you're
someone who can actually make use of
this hardware this is awesome this is
like a dream come true to have user
customizable user upgradeable hardware
like this it really is something special
and it's something that's people have
been asking for in the professional
community but for someone like me I look
at this and I can just admire it from
afar because I don't shoot an 8k video I
don't shoot with like 3d effects and
stuff like that this is cool but it's
just extra ok hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs if you liked it subs if you
love to see you guys next time